feat(mnq): add metrics how-to (#2166)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/messaging/how-to/monitor-mnq-cockpit.mdx

---
meta:
  title: How to monitor Messaging and Queuing with Scaleway Cockpit
  description: This page explains how to monitor Messaging and Queuing with Scaleway Cockpit
content:
  h1: How to monitor Messaging and Queuing with Scaleway Cockpit
  paragraph: This page explains how to monitor Messaging and Queuing with Scaleway Cockpit
tags: messaging queuing queueing cockpit metrics observability 
categories:
  - serverless 
dates:
  validation: 2023-09-07
  posted: 2023-09-07
---

You can view your Messaging and Queuing metrics via [Scaleway Cockpit](/observability/cockpit/quickstart/). This allows you to monitor your queues/streams and messages at a glance. There are three steps to complete to view your Messaging and Queuing metrics for the first time with Cockpit:

1. Activate your Cockpit
2. Generate your Grafana credentials

> 3. Access the Messaging and Queuing dashboard within Cockpit

Reviewer: Isn't the dashboard in Grafana?

Author: I thought it's sort of Cockpit providing Grafana, but I can change to avoid confusion

> 3. Access the Messaging and Queuing dashboard within Cockpit

Author: ```suggestion
3. Access the Messaging and Queuing metrics dashboard
```
